How can't
If you can't do it, get out of here.
Don't embarrass yourself here.
You, Liu Tianhu, are just a dog raised by others.
You dare to take it for me here?
Feifei, let's go.
Lin
I just want to see how long this dog life of yours can last
You waded into muddy waters that you shouldn't have waded into.
Dare to insult Li Shao
Do you know what it will cost you?
You will be torn into pieces
Your loved ones
Your family will be implicated because of you.
Zhulian clan failed to acquire Xingyue Media
I think you should go back and think of a solution first.
How do you talk to your master when you get back?
Brother Feng, you are so awesome
I knew you would acquire Crescent Media
Why don't you call me boss?
boss
Ling Feng, have you really acquired Xingyue Media?
Yes, Brother Feng wants to be my boss.
Today, we spent 10 billion to acquire Xingyue Media.
Miss Huang, I have to thank you for this.
If you hadn't broken up with Feng Ge
How did I meet such a good person like him?
Ha ha